TWO CRITICAL QUESTIONS.
WHERE IS THE PLANE AND WHAT
CAUSED IT TO VANISH?
AN OFFICIAL REPORT ON THE
DISAPPEARANCE OF FLIGHT 370
REVEALS THE PINGER BATTERIES ON
ONE OF TWO BLACK BOXES EXPIRED
LONG BEFORE.
>> THE FAMILY MEMBERS --
>> Reporter: LAWYERS
REPRESENTING 27 OF THE VICTIMS'
FAMILIES SAY THAT MAY HAVE
COMPROMISED THE SEARCH.
>> THE BALATTERY PINGER EXPIRED
IT'S ANOTHER DAGGER IN THE HEART
OF THE FAMILIES.
>> Reporter: THE AIRLINE ADMITS
THE MAINTENANCE OVERSIGHT BUT
DENIES IT HAMPERED THE SEARCH
BECAUSE BATTERIES ON THE OTHER
BLACK BOX WORKED.
THE REVELATION IS ONE DETAIL IN
A NEWLY RELEASED REPORT WHICH
SHOWS THERE WAS CHAOS AND
CONFUSION IN THE HOURS AFTER THE
PILOT UTTERED HIS LAST WORDS.
CONTROLLERS WAITED 20 MINUTES,
15 MINUTES LONGER THAN PROTOCOL,
TO ALERT OTHERS AFTER THE FLIGHT
FAILED TO CHECK IN WITH THE
TOWER.
THEN THE AIRLINE TOLD
CONTROLLERS THEY COULD SEE THE
FLIGHT OVER CAMBODIA BUT AFTER
AN HOUR AND A HALF, THEY
REALIZED IT WAS THE PROJECTED
PATH, NOT THE ACTUAL FLIGHT.
IT TOOK ANOTHER TWO HOURS TO
ACTIVATE THE SEARCH COORDINATION
CENTER AND STILL ANOTHER HOUR
BEFORE DISTRESS SIGNAL WENT OUT.
IT WAS TEN HOURS AFTER THE
PILOT'S LAST WORDS THAT THE
FIRST SEARCH FLIGHTS FINALLY
TOOK OFF.
>> IT WAS CLEAR THAT THE AIR
TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS HAD NO
PROCEDURES TO FOLLOW UP, THAT
MALAYSIAN AIRWAYS WAS GIVING OUT
BAD INFORMATION TO THE AIR
TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS.
>> Reporter: AFTER CHECKING
BACKGROUNDS, EVEN EXAMINIING BOY
LANGUAGE, INVESTIGATORS FOUND NO
MOTIVATION FOR THE CAPTAINED ON
CREW TO CAUSE HARM.
NO SIGN OF SEVERE WEATHER OR
PROBLEMS WITH THE PLANE'S
ENGINES.
>> WHAT WE HAVE NOW AT THE END
OF THIS FIRST ALMOST 600-PAGE
REPORT IS A DEEPENING MYSTERY.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS PLANE?
WE DON'T KNOW.
>> Reporter: SEARCH CREWS ARE
FOCUS ON AN AREA THE SIZE OF
WEST VIRGINIA.
SHIPS MAPPING THE FLOOR OF THE
INDIAN OCEAN HAVE SCOURED 40% OF
THE AREA.
BUT THIS MAY NOT CONTINUE
INDEFINITELY.
>> IT CAN'T GO ON FOREVER.
AS LONG AS THERE ARE REASONABLE
LEADS, THE SEARCH WILL GO ON.
WE'VE GOT 60,000 SQUARE
KILOMETERS THAT IS THE SUBJECT
OF THIS SEARCH.
IF THAT'S UNSUCCESSFUL, THERE'S
ANOTHER